(Episode 10)
- Sir. - Hyun.
I... I can't breathe...
I asked an internal medicine doctor for assistance,
but he's inserting a stent and can't come right now.
- Dr. Kwak, can you examine him? - Yes.
Thanks. I have to get to another patient. Thanks!
- On 3. 1, 2, 3. - 2, 3.
I... I can't breathe.
Hold on. I'll try to make you comfortable.
- Let's get an EKG. - Yes, doctor.
160 over 110.
We can't rule out myocardial infarction.
Let's get a blood test and run an ABGA.
Give him nitroglycerin. One that dissolves under his tongue.
Yes, doctor.
Sir. Does your chest hurt?
How does it hurt?
Did this happen before?
The EKG looked good.
The blood test and everything came back normal.
The ultrasound was fine too.
I felt like my chest was caving in.
Even now?
Well, I feel better now.
I have your diagnosis.
What do you mean?
When is the deadline?
One on Thursday, one by next Wednesday...
Come to think of it, one already passed.
- What are you trying to say? - The diagnosis is stress-induced...
- It's psychological? - So cut back on your work.
You know I can't refuse.
Do you have two jobs?
You really don't know?
It's not like you lived under a rock or anything.
How could you not know the poet, Seol Jae Chan?
Haven't you ever dated?
"The only thing that is beautiful as it disappears is the sun."
"The only thing that is beautiful to lose in is love."
That's right. That's it. That was great.
Have you never...
had a man recite those things to you?
Tell us.
Have you ever dated or not?
You'll process his discharge, right?
Pardon?
She hasn't.
She hasn't. Right?
Stop that.
Exercise and rest are the best at relieving stress.
Don't take on every request that you get anymore.
Take it easy.
That way, you can write nice poems for many more years.
Gosh. Okay, I got it already.
How do you...
- nag more than my late wife? - Doctor. Doctor.
- I forgot this. - Okay. Thank you.
What is that?
I had ordered two different blood tests just in case.
That's odd.
Why is the platelet volume so low?
- Does anything else hurt? - No, not really.
Right.
Actually, that's probably due to stress as well.
Every so often,
I see blood in my stool.
- Blood? - Yes.
Could it be hemorrhoids?
Hey. Is this really necessary?
It would be good to find out the cause like your chest pain.
It'll put your mind at ease.
Hey.
Aren't you doing it?
That isn't my specialty.
Please turn around.
Okay.
Cancer?
We'll need to run an in-depth examination to be sure,
but there's a 90-percent chance that it's rectal cancer.
What in the world...
You should call his legal guardian.
He doesn't have one.
How about his children?
It was just him and his wife,
and she passed away 10 years ago from uterine cancer.
The only silver lining is that I have no appointments...
for the next three days.
At least I can be with him.
I'll let you know once his examination is scheduled.
It's best...
to tell him after we get the results, right?
I'm sorry.
Why do I have to be admitted?
Why? Is something wrong?
Dr. Song doesn't think it's just hemorrhoids.
She wants to run a few more tests.
What about my class tomorrow?
Darn it.
How long will the tests take?
It's set for 7am, so you'll be done by 9am.
Thank goodness.
I can miss just the morning class.
Gosh.
That's right. Let me use your phone.
I couldn't think straight...
when I was brought here and forgot my phone.
Eun Mee?
Why are you answering your mom's phone?
A game?
You punk. Do you know what time it is?
You should go to sleep.
Why did I call?
Where's my head?
I need to do something tomorrow morning.
Have the kids study on their own, okay?
No.
If I take the 10am boat, I'll be there by 1pm.
Ms. Oh?
I'm Kwak Sung's guardian.
Hello.
How is he doing today?
He was very calm today for some reason.
He seems more alert.
I see.
Thank you.
(Seoul Daehan Hospital)
Dr. Kim.
Come in.
Why did you...
I wanted to see you.
I may have come because of the acquisition,
but it's only right that I see the person who saved my life.
I wouldn't say I saved your life. I simply...
I see. I guess you just worked hard during the interview,
and Dr. Song Eun Jae did all the work.
Why did you kick her out?
- Well, as I told you before... - That's right.
She was a whistle-blower.
You kicked out a traitor.
Doctors are still sentimental,
executing traitors in a swift motion like samurais.
Business people like us could never do that.
We need to embrace enemies if necessary.
If we can't work with traitors,
we can't survive.
I envy you. I envy you a lot.
Have you heard? Rumor has it Doosung is acquiring our hospital.
Why are you relaying rumors to me?
Does an assistant professor have nothing better to do?
- Professor. - That's why you lose to Eun Jae.
Eun Jae?
Why are you suddenly...
Hello.
Do we have the results for Seol Jae Chan?
We're still running the tests.
He's an internal medicine doctor from the hospital.
- I'm Kwak Hyun. - I heard.
Well done.
No results yet?
- No, look at this. - It's out.
It's rectal cancer.
It's widely spread.
The liver and IVC (inferior vena cava) too.
What stage is it if it's this advanced?
- Stage four. - What are the options?
There's almost nothing we can do in surgery.
That's not true.
- We can operate. - You can operate?
That's nonsense.
The cancer reached the IVC (inferior vena cava).
Doctor Kang's right.
We must be cautious.
If we act rashly, we could lose him on the table.
That would be the case in any usual OR.
Are you saying you have an unusual approach?
The key point of this operation is whether we can...
excise the cancer in...
the liver and veins, not just the primary cancer.
This is rarely attempted because it's so risky.
I'm considering doing a post-exit hepatectomy.
A post-exit hepatectomy?
That sounds unfamiliar. Is it because I'm from Internal Medicine?
No, I've never heard of it either.
Can you explain what that is in simple terms?
I'll cut off the liver's blood supply,
take it out of the body to excise the tumor,
then put it back in and reconnect it.
Is that even possible?
In simple terms,
I'm merging liver transplant techniques with a hepatectomy.
What's the success rate? How many patients survived?
- None. - What do you mean?
It's never been done in Korea.
- Do you mean this'll be the first? - Yes.
- You've never done it before? - No.
- And you'll still do it? - It's the only viable treatment.
It's still too risky a...
That surgery is his only option.
He has three months.
He won't last over six.
Call me when you're ready.
I'll brief the patient myself.
A post-exit hepatectomy?
Why is she so confident when she's never done it before?
Because she got a fantastic case.
A case?
Say she pulls off something like this.
It's a matter of time before she's called back to Seoul.
Doctor Kim? It's Eun Jae.
I found a patient that fits the thesis.
I'll send a list of information that I need.
Send it as soon as possible.
Congratulations, Doctor Song. A post-exit hepatectomy?
You have my love and respect.
What did you just say?
She's doing what?
A post-exit hepatectomy? Is that true?
What if she makes a comeback?
Did you tell him?
No.
I want to hear more from Doctor Song first.
Forget about her.
Why don't you get a second opinion?
I think...
she's excessively confident,
and that bothers me.
(Please review the files.)
Hello, how are you?
I just sent you an email.
Hello, doctor. I just sent you an email.
I just sent it.
Is that so? No, I sent it to a few others. Okay.
Thanks anyway.
He's my dad's friend.
Sung's friend is my friend too.
Don't worry. I'll make it my first priority.
Okay, please do.
Oh dear.
(Payment)
What took you so long?
Why did you ignore my calls?
Can you get me discharged?
They won't let me go unless a doctor clears me.
Don't just stand there.
It's 11am already. I might miss the afternoon classes as well.
Mr. Seol.
You should call the kids.
I don't think you can leave for a while.
What's going on?
Am I very ill?
What is it? Will I die or something?
Why do I need to be admitted?
I may know nothing about medicine,
but stage four rectal cancer...
is untreatable even by the best of doctors.
No. Doctor Song...
She can do something. She wants to operate.
But you...
aren't so sure.
Why do you say that?
Whenever you were unsure or had doubts,
you would touch...
the back of your neck.
You still have your childhood habit.
I'll get more information.
Hyun.
Sorry for the trouble.
I'm just your dad's friend.
Don't say that.
I just tossed you some bait...
so you'd look out for me.
I can't help it if your dad gets jealous.
As you already know,
I have no one else.
I thought I'd be calm and composed.
I told myself that...
even if I have a terminal illness, I'd stay calm...
as if I was greeting an old friend.
It's not that easy.
I'm...
a bit nervous and afraid.
You'll be fine. It'll be okay.
I'll do my best.
I can do this.
[VIU Ver] Episode 10 Hospital Ship "I'm a Bit Nervous & Afraid"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Hand the case over?
Hand it over to whom?
- That doesn't matter. - Director.
This operation is too risky.
It hasn't been tested or verified which is already a burden,
and the operation range is too large.
We need liver and gall bladder specialists,
a colo-proctologist,
urologist, maybe even a cardiothoracic surgeon.
- Are you aware? - Yes.
However, our doctors have almost no expertise with cancers.
I know that.
Then you should have transferred him already.
There's no doctor to transfer him to.
There are no doctors who can pull this off.
You insist on operating?
- Yes. - You may have to manage everything.
I know.
Based on the patient's age, if the surgery runs...
10 hours.
I'll run a simulation to see if I can finish in 10 hours.
What if you determine that it is impossible?
Then I will give up immediately.
This is Song Eun Jae. May I get a cadaver?
There's an unclaimed corpse?
Thank you.
Hey. Move it, will you?
Will you teach us how to ride?
Dr. Song?
Why? Is something wrong?
Okay. We'll be right there.
Let's go.
- What is it? - You'll see.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
I'm sorry for calling you in on your day off.
I couldn't pull out nurses who were working for a simulation.
It's okay. You've got my adrenaline pumping.
Look how excited you are.
It's like you're the one operating.
Let's begin. Moment of silence.
Scalpel.
We will conduct resection and anastomosis of 2cm of the colon...
between the sigmoid colon and the rectum.
A post-exit hepatectomy is possible theoretically,
but I'm not sure if it's realistic.
If it were my family, I'd never suggest it.
The only doctor who was optimistic...
was Dr. Song.
It's the common overconfidence of surgeons.
Be rational.
Pain management is the best treatment.
Help him spend his final days peacefully.
What is it?
You still can't figure it out?
Shall we...
Do you think we should...
Yes?
Should we place our bet...
on Dr. Song Eun Jae?
Should I trust your frightening tenacity?
Because at this moment,
you seem to be the person...
working the hardest...
for the patient.
Doctor.
She completed the simulation in six hours.
Then we have no reason to oppose the surgery.
Sure, if it weren't for the cadaver.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
- It's so silly. - Not at all.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you greet your old professor?
I asked what you were doing.
Have you never seen a doctor examine a patient?
I'm always moved by your poetry every time I read them.
You're embarrassing me.
Our medical staff will do our utmost for your treatment.
Thank you.
Let's talk.
Are you out of your mind?
You'll do what to this man? You'll operate on him?
I will treat my patient as I see fit.
You mean, "experiment" on him, not "treat".
You're dying to add this to your thesis.
Is adding to my thesis wrong?
The patient must come first before the doctor's goals.
When will you ever become a doctor?
If this were three months ago,
I would've pretended to fall for your tricks. What a shame.
Post-exit hepatectomy has not been tested yet.
- There's always a first. - You may fail.
- Should I be afraid? - Of course.
You should be very afraid.
It may be the first, but this case...
Case, case, case!
How long will you treat a patient like a problem?
He isn't a case, but a person.
If you fail, a person by the name of Seol Jae Chan...
will die.
I told you.
Science makes advancements through failures.
I refuse such a heartless advancement.
Dr. Song.
I cannot accept you as Seol Jae Chan's physician.
(Hospital Ship)
He wants to maintain his dignity.
He wants to finish his life with dignity.
Is that more important than his life?
Even if it isn't Alzheimer's like my father,
the illness can make the person lose their sense of identity.
Do you know what persuasion is?
It's making a person feel a certain way.
I'm here. Mr. Seol. Mr. Seol!
Does the offer still stand?
Eun Jae. You're becoming more and more amusing.
Dr. Song? What is it?